README.md, before:


# 📱 Phone Calculator Mockup

A web-based calculator designed to look and feel like a mobile phone calculator.

## 🚀 Features

- **Mobile-First Design**: Mimics a smartphone calculator, complete with notch and status bar.
- **Basic Arithmetic**: Addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division.
- **Live Display**: Shows current expression and result.
- **Responsive Layout**: Works on desktop and mobile screens.

## 🛠️ Technologies

- HTML5
- CSS3
- JavaScript

## 📂 File Structure

- `index.html` — Main HTML file
- `style.css` — Styles for the calculator and phone mockup
- `script.js` — Calculator logic and interactivity

## 🖥️ Installation & Usage

1. Download or clone this repository.
2. Open `index.html` in your web browser.
3. Use the on-screen keypad to perform calculations.

## ✨ Screenshots

> ![Calculator Screenshot](screenshot.png) <!-- Add screenshot.png if available -->

## 📄 License

This project is open source and free to use.

## 🙏 Credits

Created by Glenn Mark, December 2025.

Commit message:

Initialize project with required files

README.md, after:



# 🧮 Phone Calculator

A web-based calculator designed to mimic the look and feel of a mobile phone calculator.

## 🚀 Features

- **Mobile-First Design**: Emulates a smartphone calculator interface.
- **Basic Arithmetic**: Addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division.
- **Live Display**: Shows current expression and result.
- **Responsive Layout**: Works on both desktop and mobile screens.

## 🛠️ Technologies Used

- HTML5
- CSS3
- JavaScript

## 📦 Installation

1. **Clone the repository**
	```sh
	git clone https://github.com/your-username/your-repo-name.git
	```
2. **Navigate to the project folder**
	```sh
	cd Elect_FInal_Projects/Calculator
	```
3. **Open `index.html` in your web browser**
	- Double-click `index.html` or right-click and select “Open with” > your browser.

## 🖥️ How to Use

1. Open `index.html` in your web browser.
2. Use the on-screen keypad to perform calculations.
3. View results in real time.

## 📄 License

This project is open source and free to use.

## 🙏 Credits

Created by Glenn Mark, December 2025.
